Rename and release Turbo package (#28)
software-mansion-labs/react-native-turbo-demo: packages/turbo/README.md

# React Native Turbo

> React Native apps [Hotwired Turbo](https://turbo.hotwired.dev/handbook/introduction) support for creating hybrid apps with a single shared web view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Native apps [Hotwired Turbo](https://turbo.hotwired.dev/handbook/introduction) support creating hybrid apps with a single shared web view.
```
it sounds better that way, but it's up to you ;)

```

For Android you need to adjust your SDK version in your `build.gradle`.

> [_Turbo Documentation:_](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-android#requirements)
>
> Android SDK 24+ is required as the minSdkVersion in your build.gradle.

## Usage

Turbo `webview` can be rendered using native view `VisitableView`.

```jsx
import {
  VisitableView,
  OnLoadEvent,
  VisitProposal,
  VisitProposalError,
  Session,
} from 'react-native-turbo';
import { useNavigation } from '@react-navigation/native';

const TurboScreen = () => {
  const navigation = useNavigation();

  const onVisitProposal = ({ nativeEvent: { action: actionType, url } }) => {
    // Handle opening new screen e.g. using react-navigation
    navigation.push('TurboScreen', { url });
  };

  return (
    <Session>
      <VisitableView
        url="https://turbo-native-demo.glitch.me"
        onVisitProposal={onVisitProposal}
      />
    </Session>
  );
};
```

You can use `onVisitProposal()` to handle turbo visits.

### `url`

URL for the WKWebview to open.

### `onVisitProposal`

Callback called when the webview detects turbo visit action.

### `onLoad`

> Callback called with screen title and url when the webview successfully loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callback called with screen title and URL when the webview successfully loads.
```

### `onVisitError`

Callback called when the webview fails to load.

## Overview

> The library implements native view `RNVisitable` component for React Native. This view is an equivalent of the [Turbo Visitable](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-ios/blob/main/Docs/Overview.md#visitable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library implements a native view `RNVisitable` component for React Native. This view is equivalent to the [Turbo Visitable](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-ios/blob/main/Docs/Overview.md#visitable).
```

### Visitable

> Turbo manages a single webview instance, shared between multiple view controllers. It also automatically show a screenshot of web page content when the web view is not focused. The `Visitable` views are rendered as native view from React `RNVisitable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turbo manages a single webview instance, shared between multiple view controllers. It also automatically shows a screenshot of web page content when the web view is not focused. The `Visitable` views are rendered as a native view from React `RNVisitable`.
```

### Session

Each [Session](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-ios/blob/main/Docs/Overview.md#session) manages a single WKWebView instance. We've added support for multiple sessions, now each session instance is managed by `<RNSession>` native component. Every `Session` is used by all its React children `RNVisitable` components. The session is shared using React.Context API.

```tsx
<Session>
  <VisitableView />
</Session>
```

> Session enables communication between native app and JavaScript (the visited page):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session enables communication between the native app and JavaScript (the visited page):
```
